Patch 9 (#71)
raspberrypilearning/code-for-your-astro-pi-mission-space-lab-experiment: en/step_9.md

## Bulletproofing your program

A program can fail for many reasons, but with some foresight and planning it is possible to deal with these failures instead of crashing and losing the chance to capture data and images aboard the ISS. In this section we are going to try and find ways to improve your program so that it stands the best chance of working as intended if something unexpected happens. 

## Error handling 

> The first tool in your toolbox is Python's `try-except` statement, which is used to handle exceptions thrown at runtime. Normally, when exceptions are thrown and not handled, the program will crash immediately and data will potentially be lost. However, by using the `try-except` statement to catch the exception, we can let the program carry on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first tool in your toolbox is Python's `try-except` statement, which is used to handle exceptions thrown at runtime. Normally, when exceptions are thrown and not handled, the program will crash immediately and data will potentially be lost. However, by using the 'try-except' statement to catch the exception, we can let the program carry on.
```

    print("Temperature is zero")
```

> The preferred way of resolving this situation is to try to complete the operation, but handle the exception using a `try-except` statement:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The preferred way of resolving this situation is to try to complete the operation, but handle the exception using a 'try-except' statement:
```
